UI
https://www.pinterest.com/pin/721350065299695541/ - Didn't use?
https://www.fontspace.com/mawhrt - Font


SFX
https://freesound.org/people/GameAudio/ - Menu sound (Swapped out)
https://freesound.org/people/partheeban/ - Button Click
https://freesound.org/people/isohoo/ - Grasshopper
https://freesound.org/people/16GPanskaSibinska_N/ - Candle sound
https://freesound.org/people/Joao_Janz/ - Footsteps
https://freesound.org/people/jorickhoofd/ - Log


Music
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5tNXqsNP2B-IuTOQgCgMLg - Main Menu Ambient Music

3D MODELS
https://sketchfab.com/makivic - Skull
https://sketchfab.com/Kayleigh.van.Niehoff - Demon
https://www.instagram.com/p/B5MuIydn2Vh/ - Ghost
https://sketchfab.com/nebulousflynn - Mushroom/caterpillar
https://sketchfab.com/soidev - Flare Gun
https://sketchfab.com/lionclaw0612 - Flare
https://sketchfab.com/mellydeeis - Dragonfly
https://opengameart.org/users/p0ss - Utenciles
https://opengameart.org/users/p0ss - CAN
https://opengameart.org/users/piacenti - Crate
https://opengameart.org/users/rakshi-games - Metal Bucket
https://opengameart.org/users/rakshi-games - Wood?
https://opengameart.org/users/clint-bellanger - Knife
https://opengameart.org/users/emaceart - Town props
https://opengameart.org/users/yughues - Wooden crates

Not downloaded yet
https://opengameart.org/content/cleaned-base-human-models (Might be able to use this for player character.)
https://opengameart.org/content/common-quest-keys (Might be able to use this in memories or as items)